Patrick Cavit                                   10413 170th Ave NE
Phone: 360-224-1307                             Redmond, WA 98052
Email: jobs@patcavit.com

I'm interested in challenging tasks that force me to solve difficult problems
using the web. I'm passionate about web performance, code quality, and working
with a team of people that I can learn from every day.

Work Experience:

 * Aug 2012 - Present : Web Programming Lead : ArenaNet
 
   Lead programmer of an amazing group of web programmers responsible for
   guildwars2.com, all game commerce functionality, and the rest of the
   ArenaNet internet presence. Personally responsible for hiring, report career
   development, long-term team direction, web architecture, R&D, and some actual
   programming every so often.

 * Sep 2008 - Aug 2012 : Senior Web Programmer : ArenaNet
   
   Senior developer on a small team working on multiple projects both
   customer-facing and internal. Projects include custom server-side
   JavaScript platform, multiple in-game features via embedded webkit and
   more traditional web-facing APIs and marketing sites. Also responsible
   for hiring new team members and training of other developers.
 
 * July 2007 - Sep 2008 : Web Developer : Yahoo!

   One of three web developers responsible for the new Yahoo! Video's look
   and feel. Responsibilities included not only layout and interactions but
   also CSS/JS optimization, PHP framework programming, and working on the
   PHP-based CMS used for editorial content on the site.

 * Summer 2006 : Frontend Engineering Intern : Yahoo!

   Acted as a part of the My Yahoo! team and contributed to development of a
   brand-new interactive homepage. Work consisted of extensive client-side
   programming mixed with Object-Oriented PHP. Was solely responsible for
   implementing the look and feel of several components as well as realizing
   UED designs.

 * Sep 2003 - Feb 2007 : Web Application Developer : Restek Program at WWU

   Developed and supported multiple web-based tools in support of both
   Restek staff, students and other campus departments. Specialized in
   integrating server-side programming with client-side scripting to produce
   rich, degradable interfaces for web applications.

Education:

 * Sep 2001 - Jun 2007 : Western Washington University

   BS in Computer Science. Took extra classes to receive Web Programming
   Certificate through the Internet Studies Center at WWU.

General Programming Skills:

 * Server & client JavaScript, both native and via libraries (YUI, jQuery)
 * Progressive enhancement using unobtrusive JavaScript
 * Advanced cross-browser page styling & layout using semantic HTML/CSS
 * PHP-powered Web applications with a database or web-service backend
 * Database theory as well as practical experience with MySQL & some MSSQL
